MFLT-4608 Document capturing peripheral registers in coredump (#433)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/mcu/coredumps.mdx

}
```

#### Capturing Peripheral Registers

While debugging a crash it may be useful to know the state of your peripherals.
Peripheral registers are captured in a similar manner to other captured memory
regions. Simply add the address and length of the register space you wish to
capture to your `memfault_platform_coredump_get_regions()` implementation. Below
is an example of capturing the UART peripheral registers for the nrf52840:

:::note

The memory regions mapped to your MCU's peripheral may require word aligned
reads. The nrf52840 has such a limitation which is why
`kMfltCoredumpRegionType_MemoryWordAccessOnly` is used over
`kMfltCoredumpRegionType_Memory`.

:::

```c
[...]

> #define UARTE_PERIPHERAL_REGISTER_ADDRESS_START 0x40002000

Reviewer: Uber nit maybe a comment eg "UARTE is the nRF52840 UART peripheral" or similar

#define UARTE_PERIPHERAL_REGISTER_ADDRESS_SIZE 0x56F

s_coredump_regions[region_idx++] =
    (sMfltCoredumpRegion){.type = kMfltCoredumpRegionType_MemoryWordAccessOnly,
                        .region_start = (void *)UARTE_PERIPHERAL_REGISTER_ADDRESS_START,
                        .region_size = UARTE_PERIPHERAL_REGISTER_ADDRESS_SIZE};

[...]
```

These registers will now be present in your coredump, and you can inspect their
value
[locally with GDB](https://docs.memfault.com/docs/mcu/coredump-elf-with-gdb/)

> and an [SVD plugin](https://github.com/bnahill/PyCortexMDebug).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and a [CMSIS SVD plugin](https://github.com/bnahill/PyCortexMDebug) to see decoded values.
```

> 

Reviewer: Maybe- add a note about including registers that change when the value is read (eg a spi data register), in case that impacts the system during coredump collection
